well it him everyone knows neg
case and we find ourselves today for
a splendid match map really a
maid plan says you'll see that you're
press and the map shoes coster I think
that I pronounce it well and like
his name says it's a roller
coaster
then you will see several themes
in this roller coaster with angry birds
he's going to have king kong is rare jurassic
park and then lots of other things too
you will see there are two Länder that has
been completely redone there is länder which
has been completely redone its purpose not
entirely but because they did
it's just it's just amazing
and so here you go you arrive
here so it was organized by darling
is built and that many of his
friends so we will have a link on his
chain anyway below in everything
the video so do not hesitate to go see
his chain because frankly that's
widely but then largely deserved seen
the work that has been done here is
just amazing
so so you get here then you
sometimes arrive a little bit on the side
there so do not hesitate to put in
creative and fly away to come back here
because ben me many times failed
repeatedly even whenever
it almost happened to me to land in
outside the area of ​​the spawn zone
that they have planned so well it's not
super convenient and so will have to come
here to make a small roller coaster
also could be visited if a
little bit the corner here it's a bit like
a movie theater you have stands
by the way it's a bit like they're calling
that a 3d rollercoaster movie I think
that's the name they give
to their maps and so that's it
really on the theme of cinema that you
go explore this will be their clusters
and so suddenly you arrive as if
it was a funny cinema where you have
so fresh drinks buy some
sweets coughed coughed
there you talked about snack drinks
to nibble a little bit short
here you have a little bit of all this
and to go on the roller coaster
we will have to go through here then me
it does not work when I press the
button I do not know I may be a
bad handling so well listen to me I
just break your fast for
to be able to pass the roller coaster
find there we'll go see that all of
after that I just wanted you
show other little things they have
done before so far it was there or
no no there it is to take
drinks see we can even take there
we absolutely adore that it's up to us
above
it was a sign
I had gone to see this then
wait I search because I
just now and there I do not
find more
when I can exist by the bank
where I had broken maybe here up
so here I am broke here now I
am I know more in good weather it was
well over there I think I 'm
completely silly so it's just there
and there you have several rooms
cinema in fact so you see that next
from the stand the lampshade will show by the way
and those next to the booth you have
several movie theaters like that and
when you put yourself on the plate of
pressure that's right there oh well you
have some kind of picture of movies that
so there appears basseng angry birds and
you have others like that you have
jurassic park you have what I you
I said earlier we will do the
quick turn we will see all that there is
jurassic park there is I am a plus
young memory hole
here is the jurassic park precisely
so that I will not show you I
wanted to go see him it's rather
well done pretty nice little salary that
I like pixel art more
safe on minecraft
I think it's one of the things
minecraft simply does the best
does not pack in low tele2 france there is
was another I think it was
also that of porto that I go to see
because if not cleverly put more
along two king kong but not here
king kong it's more about rollerblading
coaster so what are we gonna do
take the roller coaster so I'm going
not do it whole because
honestly it's long it's really
very long so it can be done at two
so one day see a player 2 and the
we'll read a little bit about the rules
so the roller coaster race rolls the
look in chains wool ken block
enemies card you can not run attenuates
times and strong bring at least fruits
map so there you do not understand anything
or say why we will speak greece as
I meant in French now
then you can change side I
think it should not be what it wants
say you can not block the
cards of your companions of your enemies
who are going to make this trip is with you
you can run to any
moment
so that is to say could leave
together where one after another that it did not
not important
you can finally minutes he could
bring at least three cards
so here I think I did not
deceived in the rules so in all
way it's pretty simple to that a
roller coaster so that's just the
visit you go here so there you
go ahead and you take a seat in your
little cart right there you have
launched using this button is there
the roller coaster experience is gone and
which you will see scenery but
totally totally crazy totally
crazy what they realized true klein
already pit to take time from the
realize all that but that's
frankly honestly it's that the
start that do it in full
honestly it'll take you I think
a couple of dozen
minutes I think maybe about
fifteen minutes but what are you going
see finally here you have to take
full-eyed cd built on
minecraft that are absolutely amazing
that what they have reproduced is
absolutely amazing
there is work we have in addition all the
along the low path of small
explosions there we have the little one
boat getting screwed by the weather
that I have behind there is an attack of
arrows just at chengdu I have not even
the time to tell you what is
pass that it's going rather quickly a rather
pretty fast and so that's it going to be a
little roller coaster like that you go
visit at several places that are going
to be both places of minecraft
but at the same time so many places
of cinema apparently they are a lot
inspired by cinema for this pure week
card for week because for this roller
coaster
and then it's more and it's frankly
rather nice it's really a good
roller coaster
So here I am, I do not have much
tell you more after we will try
to advance a little bit further
show you other constructions I
went into a well not too far
but honestly
for a long time in the world of
jurassic park dinosaurs seeing
power of the dinosaurs far off one is
even passed just under a dinosaur there to
that moment we have above us we have
a little bit of everywhere here you go
to have you go give it so much
quickly that I know that as long as they are
I look at it and you'll like this has
crossed several worlds of cinema and
there is a king kong art I do not think so
we will see it on the video but who is
right there in front which is absolutely
gigantic is impressive it is
totally crazy what they did so
we listened to it I do not have much to
tell you more if it's not
download the map and from and do this
roller coster that is totally
incredible was listening to me I'm going to you
leave it on me I will continue
my usual train ride
usual enormously little train ride
train and I'll see you soon for
more videos plus we have king kong
I did not want to show it to you but you
still have it on the end of the video
and reach out the world